##Resilience
<pre><code>The most difficult issue I overcame during my academic development was lack of purpose. I initially started attending college for the GI Bill money because I could not get ahead on finances. After two years in the IT industry, I had received multiple raises in compensation, a promotion, and was living too comfortably for a single Christian man. God calls us to a much higher purpose than the standard American pathway which entraps many Christians. My issues were no longer with sustenance and finances, but with time and companionship. School no longer fulfilled any of the purposes which God had laid upon my heart. For that reason, I decided that I could move somewhere with a slower pace of life, a cheaper cost of living, and perhaps find a companion (because I had no luck in the United States). Though serving in special operations was immensely beneficial to many aspects of life, being emotionally vulnerable was one where it impacted me negatively.
Despite school not fulfilling my purpose at the time, I refused to withdraw. I continued my education at a slower pace, moved to Ukraine, and began learning Ukrainian to go on the adventure of a lifetime. Why Ukraine? It is a European nation, akin to what I am used to in America. Also, the conversion rate for dollars to hryvnia was nearly 1 to 30, which meant I could live comfortably for the rest of my time in college, learn a new language, and have plenty of time to seek companionship. It was a win-win-win situation, until Russia invaded. By that time, I had grown so close to the people who showed me such hospitality and fallen in love with my now wife, that with my army experience and Christian background, there was only one option. I chose to withdraw from classes and serve in any capacity that I could. I left Ukraine with a wife and many close friends. After returning, I took a couple months off to decompress, then picked up where I left off on my degree and work, achieving another promotion in less than a year of returning. Despite having absolutely no purpose in attending college and not needing a degree in my career field, I still finished what I started. Sometimes, resilience is all one has to get through a difficult situation. I proved to myself that I would stick it out, no matter the difficulty.</code></pre>

##Teamwork
